will donald trump get the sympathy vote
after of course he's contracted
coronavirus is what you're referring to
to
jenny it's only been interesting to
watch from over here from over this side
of the atlantic uh michael
the immediate reaction in the polls
seems to have been adverse for donald
trump which i must say has
slightly surprised me i i have a feeling
reading the american public as best i
can that there will be a bit of a
resurgence in trump's support and that
there will be a little bit of a closing
of the gap
with uh with biden um i
i i think a big mistake is being made
today
allowing trump effectively to pull out
of the next debate because they changed
the rules
they were going to make it virtual
however at this stage
it looks as though the gap between trump
and biden
is uh too too great to cover
in the remaining days before the
election so i would expect a closer
result
than the polls are suggesting at the
moment but probably nonetheless a biden
victory
and julian donald trump described
his his contracting coronavirus as a
blessing as a gift from god
was it a gift from god for boris johnson
i certainly don't think he'd describe it
like that in fact i don't think he has
described it like that
um and you know and there's serious
point actually that there's a lot of
people living with long covid
which can affect anyone at any age and
we don't talk about that nearly enough
so
anybody who thinks that you know sort of
letting the cases rip and you know
carrying on
is a good idea so do you think donald
trump is wrong to say that then do you
think he's behaved irresponsibly
oh okay i mean come on julian
say what do you think donald donald
trump i mean i think in the us
in terms of the question in the election
i think most people have decided it's
so polarized it's an unbelievably
polarized uh society and i think
you know will he get the simply vote i
very much doubt it um but no i
do i think he's been blessed and and and
god has given him the answer
not not necessarily now he's lucky to
have survived it without any
or it seems to be very low symptoms so
you know for that
uh you know he will be thankful but that
doesn't mean that
his case is going to be the same for
everybody else's case which is kind of
you know what he might be saying if you
you know take this drug lock everybody
it's this is nothing to worry about
that is completely wrong you think he's
wrong to say that i think it is wrong
because
well donna will tell you she knows much
more than i do but you know long clovid
does exist it affects people in
different ways different age groups as
well
and it's very debilitating how do you
think you handled it
my advice to donald trump would be to
isolate and follow the rules
um the rest of it for a long time i mean
isolate follow the rules um i'm not sure
that donald trump would be
anybody that i'd be listening to
pronouncing on covid
when right well you heard it here um
andy
i think that's brilliant advice if he
could isolate beyond november whatever
the election
day is that be even better but to answer
uh jenny's question
how can you have sympathy for somebody
who is still infectious but drags
security stuff on a uh you know drive
around for his own purposes i mean how
could you have sympathy for somebody
who does that how could you have
sympathy for someone who's made a virtue
of not wearing a mask
all year holding rallies without social
distancing
you know somebody said rightly before
that politicians need to lead by example
through this and
and through their actions do the right
thing that that's what the job brings
with it that's what you should
do and he's done the complete opposite
and he put his own health at risk
but he actually has put the health of
millions of americans at risk
through this so i i just i'll make it
plain i've
no sympathy for him whatsoever i just
hope i think the world will be better a
better place if he's removed with a
landslide
uh next month i think we'll begin to get
better politics around the world you
know we've had two pandemics haven't we
this year
covered we've talked about but we've had
a pandemic growing over the last decade
of xenophobia nationalism discrimination
hate and we've seen that come to a head
this year on the streets of minneapolis
you know the work
this world in my view has kind of you
know it needs a big correction here we
need to come out of this with a very
different
uh mindset and i just think you know it
starts
i hope with the removal of donald trump
next month
janice do you think you'll get the
sympathy vote
look i agree with andy that it is
impossible to sympathize with somebody
like donald trump but where i disagree
is with the premise of the question
if i may donald trump doesn't do
sympathy
does not follow the politics of sympathy
he does not trade on sympathy
he doesn't want sympathy he trades on
envy
on discontent on anger
which he manipulates magnificently as we
have seen
uh you saw what he's done he's not asked
for the people he supported sympathy
he asked for that envy look at how great
i am you know i even
managed to defeat covet with the help of
medicine and i will give you the
the the stuff for free uh
this is where we are where we've been
since 2016 perhaps a bit
earlier than that we've um you know
we've created circumstances of austerity
for the many
and and socialism for the financiers
that created this content at an
industrial scale
and people like trump bolsonaro modi le
pen
salvini urban and so on trade on this
they do not want our sympathy what we
need to do
we must change the circumstances that we
get
the energy that feeds them
you